---
title: "Benefits"
bg: '#63BD2F'
color: white
fa-icon: plug
---

## Workflow with SAP Document Stream

SAP Document Stream streamlines your SAP document management from start to finish. Below is a step-by-step guide to understanding how it works.

{: .left}
### Step 1: Configuration

- **Initial Setup**: Configure SAP Document Stream to work with your existing SAP and document storage systems.
- **User Roles**: Define user roles and permissions to control access.

{: .left}
### Step 2: Document Retrieval

- **Automated Fetch**: The system automatically fetches relevant documents based on your criteria from SAP or other connected systems.
- **Batch Processing**: Opt for real-time or batch processing depending on your needs.

{: .left}
### Step 3: Document Conversion

- **File Types**: Supports a wide range of document formats, including Word, PDF, and image files.
- **PDF/A Output**: Convert documents into audit-proof, searchable PDF/A files.

{: .left}
### Step 4: Advanced Features

- **PDF Dossiers**: Bundle multiple documents into a single, navigable PDF.
- **PDF Signing**: Add digital signatures for authentication and security.
- **PDF Stamping**: Apply customizable watermarks or stamps.

{: .left}
### Step 5: Output and Distribution

- **Custom Output**: Choose the destination for the converted files—API, watched folders, email, and more.
- **User Notifications**: Automated notifications to keep users informed about the process status.

{: .left}
### Step 6: Auditing and Compliance

- **Logs**: Detailed logs for auditing and compliance purposes.
- **Data Integrity**: Built-in features to ensure the integrity and security of your documents.

Streamline your SAP document management today with SAP Document Stream, and elevate your workflow efficiency to the next level.
